Skipping builds on conditions (#1314)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/yaml-running-builds/starting-builds-automatically.md

{{< /highlight >}}

As a result, commits with changes outside of the `android` folder will skip a build.

{{<notebox>}}

> **Note:** Skipping a build means that the build will be triggered anyways and only after fetching app sources and meeting the **changeset** condition, the build will stop / skipped. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** 'Skipping' a build means that the build will be triggered and only after fetching app sources and meeting the **changeset** condition, the build will be stopped. 
```

Author: Done!
